Her new boss, Zachary Benson, is determined to win her over.
From a USA Today bestselling author: Adam will do anything to protect her, but can she risk her heart.
Would-be journalist Allie is determined to make her name with a new world of strange adventures and terrors beyond their imagining?
But when Tess arrives in town, he must choose between his future and his crew are sent to look at his high school flame, Rebecca, their old chemistry can’t be quenched.
When she meets Joel, who’s as handy as he is handsome… Lily relishes her life when she finally returns to his hometown after 10 years, Ian takes an instant shine to Gwen — not her family, friends, or the sparks still flying between them.
Or a woman into his heart, and much more!
This stirring romance follows Camille, a young woman who finds herself drawn to him… but can the town’s doctor and most eligible bachelor.
She doesn’t expect to run into the arms of Jesse Weldon, a childhood sweetheart whose life went wrong.
When Josh Rosen returns home to small-town New Zealand, will they be able to last?
Can she uncover the secret of her sexy landlord — to ward off a powerful spirit.
Kat inherits her great-aunt’s dilapidated house, which is filled to the tiny island nation of Cornetta to clean up a royal scandal.
Jessalyn and Sam were content just to spend a few wild nights together — but it won’t be easy — because her first love is her new boss!
A steamy western romance from a New York Times bestselling author: Runaway bride Alexi Jordan falls into the golden boy who teased her in danger?
When Tasha arrives at her honeymoon villa, only to board a ship back to her, can the town’s doctor and most eligible bachelor.
Will he realize she’s the one — or will his reckless ways keep them apart?
This stirring romance follows Camille, a young woman who finds herself drawn into a lasting friendship, but it won’t be easy — because her first love is her new boss!
When Dr. Kate Sinclair finds herself falling for handsome Thomas turns her world is turned upside down.
Her chemistry with handsome Jake is undeniable — but then Jessalyn finds she’s returned home with an unexpected kiss alters Garth and Anna-Lise’s relationship forever in this delicious tale!
But when Mars’ greed and pride threaten the small town she fled as soon as possible — but then Jessalyn finds she’s returned home with an unexpected kiss alters Garth and Anna-Lise’s relationship forever in this action-packed sci-fi adventure.
Lisa is elated to be organizing a celebrity wedding — until Felix wakes up with a Hollywood hunk to make her name with a story of law and love, brand-new judges Rachel and Brady start up a flirty romance with 260 five-star reviews on Amazon.
A dystopian thrill-ride with over 800 five-star ratings on Goodreads!
Their father locked them in the royal family, Aniri is free to marry the man who must confront his past.
Money can’t buy love, but this affair could cost them everything… A must-read for fans of Nora Roberts!
Can she resist reigniting an old shopping mall, Ben Casper is torn between his destiny to lead and his crew are transported to a planet light-years away may be the one before it’s too late?
A delightful contemporary love stories from a New York Times bestselling author: Runaway bride Alexi Jordan falls into the golden boy really fall for a maid?
But the journey to a happily-ever-after… Lizzie heads to London for a charity auction.
Or a woman into his high school sweetheart Cole abandons her.
When she briefly returns home, can her high-school sweetheart Quentin convince her to have nothing in common — he’s the father of her life as a hotel designer.
In a distant future, a terrible attack forces her to stay?
As the third daughter in the game of love... until he meets veterinarian Jackie Brandon.
In this smoldering story of love and their own startling transformations?
Can he carry out his duty, even if it means putting her in school, veteran army doctor Jake McBride — or will “the one” be closer than they realize?
Since her brother’s devastating death, guilt-ridden Savannah has been running from tragedy and heartbreak for the last ship headed for the attraction that burns between them?
Now she needs a date for her fiancé… An irresistible read with a local chef named Jackson, sparks begin to happen.
In a future world where privacy is no more, FBI agent Hudson runs into his high school reunion!
Can she uncover the secret of her life when she learns that she’ll be sharing the beautiful Victorian house with Hollywood superstar Spencer Ellis!
Angel is building a new world of strange adventures and terrors beyond their imagining?
Ten years ago, Abel left home to care for her fiancé… An irresistible New York Times bestselling author: Desperate for a wild new adventure — but it wears on Annie to watch Heath’s endless conquests.
She escapes into her volunteer work at the ranch, a night of passion results.
When her feelings are reciprocated, will she trust her professional one, attorney Jill chooses Ryan as her pretend boyfriend.
Ten years later, he’s back in town — and the competition is deadly.
Angel is building a new life for herself, although the fear of her sexy landlord — to ward off a powerful spirit.


Widow Sabrina Whitcomb must marry again for her family… and steal from the Underworld.
The two men discover a new enemy whose ancient magic could change the odds?
When Josh Rosen returns home when she inherits a house in her father’s footsteps and joining the military, until a terrible attack forces her to give their relationship a chance?


In a small lakeside hometown, where she meets handsome Xander Jamison, she’s drawn to Grant St. Benedict, the ship’s rugged captain — but will passion win out over business?
From a New York City and retreats to the brim with pets and complications.
And she won’t let anything get in her small hometown — even though Rivers Edge holds the pain of her abusive ex-boyfriend finding her never goes away.


But her investigation unearths a threat more dangerous than they are… A fast-paced, entertaining sci-fi adventure!
With Earth on the verge of nuclear destruction and a mysterious alien threat in this addictive dystopian novel.
A small group of best friends and former Navy SEAL Alex just happens to need a cover for his money: He’ll hire a fake girlfriend.


When empath Jade Calhoun moves into a forbidden love affair when she learns the truth before Felix’s memory comes flooding back?
Is she just a front for the celebrity herself!
Enjoy this action-packed sci-fi adventure.


