Lisa is elated to be organizing a celebrity wedding — until she meets the nightmare bridesmaids. She escapes into her volunteer work at the local pediatric ward… and when sparks fly with a new doctor, there may be more than one marriage in store! 
When Amanda starts up a flirty romance with the best man at her friend’s wedding, she can’t stop wondering where their chemistry will take them… A laugh-out-loud romance from a New York Times bestselling author! 
From a beloved #1 New York Times bestselling author comes an “irresistible hit” (Booklist): Nervous about flying, Emma bares her soul to the man sitting next to her on the plane. But when she discovers the stranger is her new boss, Emma knows there will be turbulence ahead! 
When Zane’s silent five-year-old nephew comes into his care, the rancher turns to speech therapist Trinity to help the boy over the summer. Despite Zane’s difficulty trusting others, Trinity could be the one to mend his heart… 
Leaving behind her Texas hometown, widowed Anne gets a city job working for billionaire bachelor Steven. Can she set him up with the woman of his dreams — or will “the one” be closer than they realize? 
When you wager in Sin City, you might end up betting your heart… A group of best friends and former college roommates visit Las Vegas and wind up in sizzling romances! 
Callan Jones is the NHL’s newest star — and he’s determined to keep his sexuality a secret. Captain Tyler Vance may be a fading great, but he takes the younger player under his wing… only to discover feelings he’s never experienced before. A steamy first-time romance! 
From a New York Times bestselling author! Rose secretly plans to escape her toxic relationship with her fiancé, Jason. But Cab, the sheriff who loves her, won’t let her disappear without a fight… 
From a New York Times bestselling author comes a tale that is “touching, wise, and full of hope” (Nicholas Sparks), with almost 19,000 five-star ratings on Goodreads. Charlie can communicate with his late brother, Sam. But when Tess arrives in town, he must choose between his future and his past… 
Reese just started her new job at Blakewood State University and she’s already butting heads with infuriating grad student Jason. But is all their fighting just a front for the attraction that burns between them? A fun, passionate tale. 
Returning to his hometown after 10 years, Ian takes an instant shine to Gwen — not realizing she’s the classmate he humiliated in high school! Gwen plans to get closure on her past… but with emotions involved, she’s soon risking her heart. 
Billionaire Jon is less than amused when his friends enter him as the prize for a charity auction. Things look up when the winner is gorgeous Lizette  — but Jon has a secret that could ruin their chance at romance… With over 700 five-star ratings on Goodreads! 
Devour this complete series in one spellbinding box set! Follow three couples as they pursue lifelong love and happy families in these entertaining romances from a New York Times bestselling author. 
From a New York Times bestselling author: Luke agrees to help find his adopted son’s birth mother — only to gain a surprising chance at love… “With brilliant characterization and sizzling sensuality, Kathryn Shay gifts us with an emotional powerhouse of a love story” (RT Book Reviews). 
Regan Keller swore she’d never date a coworker again after an office romance went horribly wrong. Her new boss, Zachary Benson, is determined to pursue her nonetheless — but her past could put his business in jeopardy. With almost 400 five-star reviews on Amazon! 
Weeks before Christmas, workaholic architect Quincy receives custody of the four-year-old son he didn’t know existed. Desperate, he hires quirky actress Nicki to babysit, and she invents a plan that’s exactly what they need. 
According to an old Irish curse, Mia is doomed to lose her husband on her wedding night. It’s all the more reason to stay away from anything remotely resembling a relationship. But that’s easier said than done when rancher Sawyer rides into town… 
A sweet, heartwarming romance! Tiffany Saunders hopes to pick up the pieces of her life when she ends up stranded in a small, seaside town. She soon catches the eye of handsome Jake Hunter, but he has secrets of his own… 
A “sweet, sexy” romance (Publishers Weekly starred review) with over 1,400 five-star ratings on Goodreads: Animosity gives way to attraction when Ella is stranded with an old enemy in a cabin! “A moving, surprising story of second chances” (RT Book Reviews). 
From a USA Today bestselling author: When a potential new boss wants her to have a personal life to support her professional one, attorney Jill chooses Ryan as her pretend boyfriend. But Ryan’s not who she thinks he is… A delightful romantic comedy! 
Wealthy David Waite has a plan to avoid women who only want him for his money: He’ll hire a fake girlfriend. Enter Nora Armstrong, an innocent beauty who agrees to the arrangement. But when they start to fall for each other, they may have to renegotiate the deal… 
Frankie Baudouin can’t stand Nate DeLuca — but she also can’t resist him! Can they learn to work together to run Sorrento Ranch? “Best savored like the fine wine it evokes” (RT Book Reviews). 
For 16 years, Carrie has raised her son alone. But when Liam, the father she never told about the pregnancy, returns to town, she’ll have to confront her secret — and the sparks still flying between them. 
Not looking for anything serious, teacher Remi and pro hockey player Jase enjoy a steamy, no-strings-attached hookup. But when someone from Jase’s past resurfaces and emotions get involved, they start to reconsider what they truly want… With nearly 650 five-star ratings on Goodreads! 
Moments before marriage, Judi realizes her wedding would be a huge mistake. She runs away to Wyoming and collides with rancher Thomas, who just can’t resist her… “A strong, emotional story, a solid plot, and characters so real you miss them when the story ends” (Shannon Stacey). 
Sadie’s still new to Cottonbloom, Mississippi, when a broken door convinces her to call the cops, and Thaddeus Preston arrives at her house. At first they seem to have nothing in common — he’s the chief of police while she’s a college professor — but soon, sparks fly between them… 
From a RITA Award finalist: Small-town girl Brenna Tinley travels to the tiny island nation of Cornetta to clean up a royal scandal. She’s only been there once before, when she had a sweeping summer romance — and now she’s shocked to learn her mystery lover is the rakish Prince Ronan! 
In Kingston, Jamaica, everything’s coming up Garth — his business is going well, he’s becoming a big name in video production, and he has an unshakable friend in Anna-Lise. But an unexpected kiss alters Garth and Anna-Lise’s relationship forever in this delicious tale! 
Two sexy, sidesplitting romances: Marion’s trapped in an elevator with her sexy landlord, while Raine fakes a relationship with a Hollywood hunk to make her crush jealous — only to fall for the celebrity herself! 
From a New York Times bestselling author: After Poppy left South Dakota, the love of her life married her best friend. Years later, Poppy discovers a secret about now-widowed Logan that molded all of their lives. Can the two rediscover the love they both need? 
When a high-tech company opens up in her small Wyoming town, local cowgirl Casey and newcomer engineer Scott find themselves at odds. But despite their differences, these two rivals can’t stop the attraction between them. 
“This is the kind of book every reader hopes to find: full of wonderful characters, exciting passion, and tender love. A joy indeed” (RT Book Reviews).  When Dr. Kate Sinclair finds herself falling for a young patient’s pilot father, will she trust her professional judgment… or her heart? 
From a USA Today bestselling author! When FBI agent Hudson runs into his high school flame, Rebecca, their old chemistry can’t be quenched. But this time, will their blazing passion lead to a happy ending? 
From a USA Today bestselling author: To honor his best friend’s wishes, rancher Chase must protect gorgeous Mira — and the only way to do so is to marry her. Chase swore never to let a woman into his heart, but his attraction for her complicates things… 
Jilted Emma arrives at her honeymoon villa, only to find it occupied by handsome Mark Solomon. Mark agrees to let her stay — if she’ll play his fiancée at his high school reunion! A “scorching, tear-up-the-sheets romance” (RT Book Reviews) from a New York Times bestselling author! 
Rancher Stetson isn’t happy to meet city girl Jennifer, who’s been sent to look at his farm by a bank. But when a washed-out road forces Jennifer to sleep at the ranch, a night of passion results. Will their romance be able to last? 
A charming summer romance: A haunted man and a struggling single mother meet when they both visit lakeside homes in this “touching story… about the power of love, friendship, and inner strength to help us heal” (RT Book Reviews). 
When her Great Dane mates with the neighbor’s dog, trainer Callie is embarrassed beyond words. But where Callie sees a badly behaved pup, playboy Owen sees a chance to win the girl of his dreams! 
When lawyers Gabrielle and Braden find themselves on opposite sides of the courtroom, they soon discover sizzling chemistry! A light-hearted romp full of witty banter and laughs, with nearly 3,000 five-star ratings on Goodreads. 
From a USA Today bestselling author: Desperate for a night of normalcy and to meet ordinary guys, famous actress Claire goes on a date in disguise. Her chemistry with handsome Jake is undeniable — but she doesn’t know he’s really a billionaire businessman… 
Everyone wants to meet Beth’s boyfriend. There’s just one problem: Beth made him up! Now she needs a date for her best friend’s wedding, and CIA agent and former Navy SEAL Alex just happens to need a cover for his latest mission… With over 300 five-star reviews on Amazon! 
When Pilar tells her billionaire boss she’s decided to leave the ranch where she’s worked for years, Benedict isn’t ready to let her go… A charming love story! 
After her father’s death, Cami’s inheritance comes with strings attached: She must work at a five-star resort with four half sisters she never knew existed. Handsome Vince sweetens the deal, but is Cami ready to open her heart? 
In a small lakeside town, a tightly knit group of friends discovers heartbreak, second chances, and unexpected love. A delightful collection of tales about finding happily ever after! 
Kat inherits her great-aunt’s dilapidated house, which is filled to the brim with pets and complications. Not a moment too soon, she meets Joel, who’s as handy as he is handsome… 
Lily relishes her life as a hotel designer. But when her grandmother’s death leaves her in possession of a Vermont property, she must change her cosmopolitan ways and adjust to her new life in the country — with a little help from ruggedly handsome Rick. 
A chance meeting between Annie Sinclair and wealthy chairman Heath MacLaren turns into a lasting friendship, but it wears on Annie to watch Heath’s endless conquests. Will he realize she’s the one before it’s too late? An enthralling love story! 
It’s Ella Sinclair’s birthday — and all she has to show for it is a broken heart and a stalled car. When she’s rescued by Porter Masters, a man who doesn’t do relationships, both of their lives are transformed… With over 1,100 five-star ratings on Goodreads. 
Lauren struggles to raise her younger sisters and run a Texas ranch on her own. The last thing she needs is a relationship — but handsome vet Chase is determined to prove he’s the one for her. With nearly 1,000 five-star ratings on Goodreads! 
“Delightfully amusing” (RT Book Reviews): Kelly’s first husband disappeared years ago — only to reappear hours after her second wedding! What will she do with two husbands fighting for her heart? “A laugh-out-loud hit” (New York Times bestselling author Sandra Hill). 
When Josh Rosen returns home to care for his grandmother, he’s blown away by handsome, successful surgeon Micah Steinberg. The two men discover a once-in-a-lifetime connection — but can Josh open his heart to love? With over 400 five-star ratings on Goodreads! 
From a New York Times bestselling author: Determined to open a museum, Emily finds herself facing off against handsome billionaire Asher. But what will happen when they discover their sizzling attraction? With over 300 five-star reviews on Amazon. 
When Emily breaks up with her boyfriend, she leaves New York City and retreats to the family summer home — a historic Maine house she hasn’t visited in 20 years. She doesn’t mean to stay for long, but the gorgeous caretaker might convince her otherwise… 
In this fun-filled love story, Louisa can only inherit her grandfather’s chocolate company by marrying a loyal employee. Justin seems like the perfect choice — until he starts breaking all the rules! 
This collection bundles together five stunning contemporary love stories from a USA Today bestselling author. A wish rekindles a dormant passion, a billionaire learns to open his heart, and much more! 
Ten years ago, Abel left home to pursue glory as a professional boxer. But when he returns to his country roots, he finds a love worth fighting for with Savannah Mae. 
From a New York Times bestselling author who “makes you believe in the power of true love” (Carly Phillips) comes a splendid romance with over 6,000 five-star ratings on Goodreads. Wealthy Mac begins to care for single mother Maddie, but can the town’s golden boy really fall for a maid? 
Single mother Lena Razzi is determined to forget billionaire Brice Henderson, but it won’t be easy — because her first love is her new boss! Old passions reignite, but Lena has a secret: How can she tell Brice that he’s the father of her child? 
From a USA Today bestselling author: When Piper and Lauren return home to small-town New Zealand, will they find love where they least expect it? Two fun, steamy romances brimming with passion! 
A delightful contemporary love story! When bookstore owner Kate is set up with a local chef named Jackson, sparks begin to fly. Could he be the one — or will his reckless ways keep them apart? 
A heartwarming RITA Award–nominated read: Just before Christmas, Rachel and Sam’s marriage is anything but merry and bright. Will an adorable baby on their doorstep give them one last chance to stay together? With over 270 five-star reviews on Amazon! 
Years ago, Jo Kendall and Callum Archer were high school sweethearts set to elope — until Callum stood her up. Now they’re face-to-face again… on opposite sides of a court case! “Heartfelt, compelling small-town romance at its best” (New York Times bestselling author Cora Seton). 
Would-be journalist Allie is determined to make her name with a story about her hometown. And she won’t let anything get in her way — not even her old flame Tom, who’s still capable of making her burn hotter than ever. 
Abby Dartley must decide whether to accept her attraction to wealthy tycoon Dominic Corisi — or risk losing him for good. This delightful romance from a New York Times bestselling author has over 900 five-star reviews on Amazon. 
Since her brother’s devastating death, guilt-ridden Savannah has been running from her past. When she briefly returns home, can her high-school sweetheart Quentin convince her to stay? A heartwarming love story about second chances. 
With over 400 five-star Amazon reviews: Matty returns to Wyoming desperate to save her family’s ranch — even if her only hope is to marry the man who broke her heart years ago. A gripping story of second chances from a USA Today bestselling author. 
An irresistible story from a New York Times bestselling author who “writes with warmth and emotional truth” (Debbie Macomber): Maddie is thrust into the arms of gorgeous cowboy and  former Navy SEAL Boone when she inherits a Texas house he’s determined to keep. 
“Beguiling” (RT Book Reviews): Mandy swore she’d never come back to Texas after cowboy Beau Gentry broke her heart. But when she finally returns to care for her ailing uncle, Beau is determined to win her over. A steamy western romance from a New York Times bestselling author! 
Reeling from an abusive marriage, Megan seeks a fresh start in a new town. Her brother’s best friend, Todd, may be the second chance she needs — but can she risk her heart again? With over 700 five-star Amazon reviews. 
After waking from a coma, Ava Emerson has no memory of anything — not her family, friends, or the men in her life. When she meets handsome Xander Jamison, she’s drawn to him… but can she discover the secrets in his past — and in her own? 
When her father dies, Christine is shocked to learn about his secret family — even more so when she finally meets people who understand her, and a man who could love her… if she’ll let him. A heartwarming tale with over 1,100 five-star reviews on Amazon. 
Megan fears how her parents will react to her broken engagement — until they mistake handsome stranger Josh for her fiancé… An irresistible New York Times bestseller with over 2,800 five-star ratings on Goodreads. 
Ten years after her best friend’s older brother broke her heart, Gina returns home to sell her family’s ranch. She vows to leave as soon as possible — but Mason is determined to win her back. Can she resist reigniting an old flame? 
Heated suspense turns to irresistible passion in this book from a New York Times bestselling author! Sexy undercover agent Zane risks everything when beautiful Angel runs from danger and into his arms… 
Kayla is determined to make her struggling family farm successful, but billionaire Mason is resolved to buy the land out from under her. To save her home, Kayla makes a bet with Mason. But will the passion building between them change the odds? 
When Tasha arrives at her dream summer home, she learns that she’ll be sharing the beautiful Victorian house with Hollywood superstar Spencer Ellis! As things start to heat up, will they be able to resist temptation? 
From a USA Today bestselling author: Ryan hires straitlaced Liz to take care of his headstrong grandmother, but he secretly yearns to show his new employee a good time. Is Ryan’s rough charm enough to steal Liz’s guarded heart? 
Branna O’Donnell returns home when she inherits a house in her small Oregon town. She doesn’t expect to run into the golden boy who teased her in school, veteran army doctor Jake McBride — or the sparks that fly between them! 
Felix and Ebony’s marriage was supposed to be quick and temporary — until Felix wakes up with no memory of their arrangement! As they explore the chemistry between them for the first time, will Ebony confess the truth before Felix’s memory comes flooding back? 
Jessalyn and Sam were content just to spend a few wild nights together — but then Jessalyn finds she’s returned home with an unexpected plus-one. When chance brings Sam back to her, can the two come together for love and their new family? 
As the only woman on the staff of a men’s hockey team, Lauren has never been taken seriously at work. So when handsome billionaire Ethan lends her a willing ear, she’s immediately charmed. But his intentions aren’t as pure as she thinks… 
Still recovering from heartbreak, Cassandra isn’t looking for love anytime soon. But when handsome single father Logan moves in next door, the two bond over his son, Oliver. Will their friendship blossom into something more? From a New York Times bestselling author! 
A quirky paranormal romance that’s sure to delight! When empath Jade Calhoun moves into a haunted New Orleans apartment, she must use her unique abilities — and the help of her sexy landlord — to ward off a powerful spirit. 
From a New York Times and USA Today bestselling author comes an award-winning love story that will sweep you off your feet. Widow Sabrina Whitcomb must marry again for her children’s sake. Can the roguish Duke of Stanthorpe care for her family… and steal her heart? 
Billionaire Alex plans to seduce Natalie as revenge against her family. But once he begins his cruel game, Natalie’s kindness starts to win him over. What if he comes to love the woman he’s plotting to ruin? 
Five years after his divorce, country music star Trey vows to win back his ex-wife, Sierra. There’s just one problem: she’s about to marry another man. Will she gamble everything on a second chance? A fun, sexy tale from a USA Today bestselling author! 
When bad boy movie star Finian meets Hailey, a struggling photographer, a single photo changes their lives forever… Opposites attract in this delightful love story! 
From a New York Times bestselling author: After the death of Lady Patience Kendall’s betrothed, she wants only to board a ship back to England. She finds herself drawn to Grant St. Benedict, the ship’s rugged captain — but will she risk her heart? 
When a cool, collected bookshop owner meets a rich, handsome playboy, sparks fly and a dangerous wager is made! Roman Conrad is confident he can make Lily Hayward fall in love with him. But when the tables are turned, one silly bet may ruin everything. 
Julianna has been running from tragedy and heartbreak for the last 10 years. But when a hurricane forces her to come face to face with her past — and her husband Gray — can she finally find closure? 
From a New York Times bestselling author: This swoon-worthy novel pits struggling chef Julie Delgado against haughty food critic Andrew Kyle in a sizzling tale of risking it all — in the kitchen and beyond. Perfect for fans of Nora Roberts! 
From a USA Today bestselling author! When Savannah consults a matchmaker, she ends up getting hitched to Scott, a handsome Montana rancher. Can their arranged marriage spark a love that lasts? 
Autumn Maddox is back in the small town she fled as soon as she was old enough. This time, she’s found something worth staying for: Jude Southerland, the town’s doctor and most eligible bachelor. Can she overcome her past and let down her walls? 
In this smoldering story of law and love, brand-new judges Rachel and Brady start up a passionate romance behind their chamber doors. But it’s hard to keep a secret in Bourbon Springs, Kentucky… 
Chloe Winters is living every girl’s fantasy when star Jason Vanderholt falls in love with her — every girl’s fantasy, that is, except her own… Can he change her mind? A “deeply satisfying” romance (USA Today) with nearly 1,200 five-star Goodreads ratings. 
From a USA Today bestselling author comes a story of love and trust set against the majestic Rocky Mountains. Brittany is as spirited as the mustangs she trains. But when she runs into trouble, ranger Joel swears to protect the headstrong cowgirl. 
Single mother Avery Stevens has never left her small hometown — even though Rivers Edge holds the pain of her past and the man she loves, cop Maddox Jackson. When her feelings are reciprocated, will she be strong enough to give their relationship a chance? 
Bronte will do anything to protect her family’s ancestral home from the clutches of handsome, power-hungry Nico. But when he whisks her away to Rome, can she resist his rakish charms? 
Angel is building a new life for herself, although the fear of her abusive ex-boyfriend finding her never goes away. Irresistible doctor Mason vows to protect her, but can she ever truly start over? 
A sexy, suspenseful romance from a USA Today bestselling author: Runaway bride Alexi Jordan falls into the arms of Jesse Weldon, a childhood sweetheart whose life went wrong. But someone is watching them... 
After Allison loses everything, her high school sweetheart Cole abandons her. Ten years later, he’s back in town — and determined to stay away from his old flame. Can they heal each other’s wounds and take a second chance at love? 
Emma Douglas returns to her small lakeside hometown, where she meets sexy and successful Jack Benson. He seems perfect, but she’s determined not to risk her heart. Can one sun-drenched summer change her mind? 
Geoffrey Kane, Earl of Kanewood, is not interested in love — until he encounters the beautiful Rebecca Kingsley, and a sinister enemy threatens to destroy everything he holds dear. 
Returning home to the secluded Stewart Island, police officer Piper Harland is only sticking around long enough to save her brother from a financial meltdown. Can former flame and local bar owner Ryan Westlake convince her to stay? A heartwarming love story. 
Victor and Cara are from opposite sides of the tracks: He’s filthy rich and alone, she’s a struggling single mom. Money can’t buy love, but this affair could cost them everything… A must-read romance with 260 five-star reviews on Amazon. 
From a New York Times bestselling author: Wealthy bachelor Lucas Anderson and his headstrong employee Amy Harper succumb to one reckless night of passion — but when it’s time to face the consequences, they discover a love that might just lead to a happily-ever-after… 
Lizzie heads to London for a wild new adventure — but falling for handsome Thomas turns her world upside down. When he becomes an overnight celebrity, can they navigate the spotlight together? Fans of Notting Hill will love this charming romance. 
Alex Tavonesi thrives in baseball and on his family’s winery, but he can’t win in the game of love... until he meets veterinarian Jackie Brandon. Her passion for saving animals intrigues him, but when it endangers her life, Alex must decide how far he’ll go for love. 
Romi Narindra has one year to find love before her traditional Indian parents  arrange her marriage. Can she comb through the frogs to find her prince? An irresistible read with a healthy dose of romance and humor. 
From a New York Times bestselling author: Adam will do anything to get his hands on Lia’s prime restaurant location. But Lia isn’t about to let this infuriatingly sexy man take everything she’s worked for. When sparks fly, will passion win out over business? 
This stirring romance follows Camille, a young woman who finds herself drawn into a forbidden love affair when she learns the truth about her Centaur bloodline. Can she uncover the secret of her mother’s past and find freedom? Over 230 five-star reviews on Amazon. 
Sparks fly when handsome detective Chase Kelly, wounded and on the run from the law, takes refuge at Lacy Maguire’s home… and it’s up to her to keep them both safe! A “witty and fast-paced” read (Publishers Weekly) with over 140 five-star reviews on Amazon. 
Get ready for romance with this sassy collection. Can feng shui lead Brianna to love? Can courageous Tony overcome his past to woo Kristen? Each of these jewel-like shorts will keeping you laughing… and swooning! 
Though they haven’t seen each other in years, Sean has always secretly loved his childhood friend Nicole. Finally in the same city, Sean poses as someone else to get her attention. But will his plan ruin their chances for good? 
When love-scarred Clarise and ambitious businessman Will cross paths at an engagement party, their worlds turn upside down. Clarise fears risking her heart again, and Will only wants to build his business — but will passion melt their protective walls? 
When Becky Diedrich catches her husband with another woman, strange things begin to happen. Is it magic? Or a woman finally coming into her own? A sweet romance packed with second chances, sparkling fantasy, and heartfelt humor. 
From a New York Times bestselling author: Theron leads an elite force tasked with defending immortals from the Underworld. Fate brings him to beautiful Casey, a seemingly ordinary woman with an epic destiny. Can he carry out his duty, even if it means putting her in danger? 
When Cassidy Ross meets famed music producer Drake Elliott, she thinks her luck is about to turn. But then she makes one mistake that ruins everything. Can Cassidy prove to Drake that she’s worth forgiving? 
