“Endlessly fascinating” (The New York Times): When Martin voyages to turbulent sixth-century Rome, he decides to alter history. This gripping collection includes the classic adventure from an award-winning master of science fiction, along with three captivating stories inspired by the novel.
When the war with New Earth finally ends, genetically engineered Biomarines Harris and Tawn find themselves unemployed. Illegal arms dealing will make them a fortune — but it may compromise the hard-won peace…
Marx, a hotheaded time traveler, stumbles into an unlikely partnership with Kez, a young girl pursued by relentless enemies. But she might be even more dangerous than they are… A fast-paced, entertaining sci-fi adventure!
On the brink of military disaster, Captain John “Black Jack” Geary leads the Alliance’s ships on a desperate race that takes them deep into hostile territory… An action-packed space adventure with more than 4,000 five-star ratings on Goodreads!
Enjoy this action-packed trilogy about a ragtag crew of mercenaries who specialize in eliminating dangerous aliens! A must-read for fans of Firefly and Guardians of the Galaxy.
With Earth on the verge of nuclear destruction and a secret evacuation underway, Solomon Reach and his crew are placed on the last ship headed for the Andromeda galaxy. But when a betrayal threatens his chance at survival, he sets out to save his people.
After an unprovoked attack, a proud alien race must risk their culture to survive. A visionary sci-fi masterpiece from an award-winning author who “is on a par with Ursula K. Le Guin” (The Guardian).
Blythe dreams of following in her father’s footsteps and joining the military, until a terrible attack forces her to abandon her plans. Instead, she enrolls in a mysterious government program — but after emerging as part machine, she is cast out by a damaged and fearful nation.
In a world ravaged by disaster, the remnants of humanity contend with government conspiracies, supernatural dangers, and a brutal struggle for survival. Don’t miss this hair-raising, action-packed epic with over 800 five-star ratings on Goodreads!
A mind-blowing collection of contemporary science fiction that will take you on a journey to new galaxies and future worlds! A Hugo Award–winning editor brings you exciting stories from David Brin, Ann Leckie, Ken Liu, and other stars of the genre.
Captain Joe Farley and his crew are transported to a new world of strange, warring civilizations. Caught in a conflict that is not their own, will they be able to survive? “Both thought-provoking and thrilling. I loved it!” (Jan Burke, New York Times bestselling author).
From a Nebula Award–nominated author comes this sci-fi adventure: In the year 2047, an asteroid threatens extinction on Earth. Aliens offer protection — but only perfect candidates will qualify. Can bookish Gwen beat the odds and pass the test?
When a research colony falls silent deep in Imperial Space, young officer Vydor and his crew are sent to investigate. But they soon discover a new enemy whose ancient magic could change the multiverse forever… A riveting fusion of sci-fi and fantasy.
After the Superpox-99 virus decimates the human race, the few who remain must scavenge among the dead and steal from the living. Follow the struggles of a small band of survivors in this post-apocalyptic thriller with over 700 five-star Amazon reviews.
Set on a post-apocalyptic Earth, these three heart-stopping novels follow Walt, Ness, Tristan, and Raina as they battle a horrifying pandemic and sinister alien invaders — as well as their fellow survivors… With over 600 five-star Amazon reviews.
As the third daughter in the royal family, Aniri is free to marry her fencing instructor. But when political circumstances force her to give her hand to Prince Malik, she never expects to lose her heart as well… A gorgeous royal love story.
Controlled by a powerful company, Jack is paid to read murder victims’ last memories. But when his wife dies in a savage attack, he launches a vendetta of his own in this pulse-pounding sci-fi novel.
Massive electromagnetic storms leave Earth in chaos — and the worst is still to come. A small group of survivors must brave a chilling new reality and a mysterious alien threat in this action-packed sci-fi adventure.
The year is 2163. Mankind must leave Earth, but the new planet already houses an alien race: the Indigenes. Bill and Stephen — one human, one reluctantly becoming human in order to survive — go head-to-head in this addictive dystopian novel.
In a desolate future, the earthbound Covenant exists only to serve the elite residents of the Moon. When one determined girl learns the truth behind centuries of plight, she sets in motion events that will change her world forever…
A lethal virus has wiped out most of the world’s population. Can survivors and lifelong friends Dani and Zoe endure perilous cross-country journeys — and their own startling transformations? With over 1,000 five-star ratings on Goodreads.
On a mysterious rescue mission, no-nonsense ship captain Reese Eddings commands her vessel Earthrise straight into an epic adventure, battling pirates and slavers to save elf prince Hirianthial… A thrilling space opera for fans of Firefly!
In a dystopian future where privacy no longer exists, Colonel Byron Shaw goes head-to-head with the Lattice, a mysterious system that makes every moment of your life available for anyone else to relive. “Staggeringly smart… sleek and fast” (Kirkus Reviews).
When a mysterious force attacks Earth’s colonies at the farthest reaches of space, it’s up to Second Lieutenant Michael Sheridan to mount a strategic defense. But is his inexperienced crew up to the challenge?
A quirky paranormal romance that’s sure to delight! When empath Jade Calhoun moves into a haunted New Orleans apartment, she must use her unique abilities — and the help of her sexy landlord — to ward off a powerful spirit.
By 2072, Earth is dying, and the human race is on the brink of extinction. Only a select few people will be chosen to carry on the species — and the competition is deadly. But the journey to a planet light-years away may be the greatest challenge of all…
Avery and her little sister June fear they are the only humans left in a world dominated by dangerous mutants. But the sisters soon discover they’re not alone — not by a long shot. A dystopian thrill-ride with over 400 five-star reviews on Amazon.
When Eilidh is wrongfully sentenced to death, she flees her faerie homeland for Scotland. But after the police discover a mutilated body outside her new home, it turns out her journey has just begun… With over 250 five-star reviews on Amazon.
In a future world where privacy is no more, FBI agent Katie Pratt hunts a cold-blooded killer who’s invisible to surveillance. But her investigation unearths a threat more dangerous than she ever imagined...
This stirring romance follows Camille, a young woman who finds herself drawn into a forbidden love affair when she learns the truth about her Centaur bloodline. Can she uncover the secret of her mother’s past and find freedom? Over 230 five-star reviews on Amazon.
Their father locked them in the shelter six months ago, promising to return. But now Jack, Samantha, and Will’s supplies are running out. Can they face a fallen world of strange adventures and terrors beyond their imagining?
Set over the course of 200 years, this gritty saga finds humanity on the brink of destroying everything mankind has built. As tension builds and the world hurtles toward disaster, the profound friendship between an alien and a human may be the only chance for salvation…
In a distant future, a terrible enemy hunts all of mankind. Messenger Don Grange is no hero, but when he and his spaceship end up in the middle of an intergalactic battle, he must find the courage to fight for humanity.
Blast off into this exciting space opera! After pilot Nova Whiteside is assigned to guard an orbiter from rebel attacks, she begins sympathizing more with the rebels than the Union that employs her. Is she just a pawn in a sinister scheme?
In this sexy paranormal romance, a dangerous enemy seeks to destroy Mason and Darcy’s werewolf pack. As the terror closes in, will Darcy risk it all to help save her family and her mate?
After an ominous winged creature destroys Julia’s family, she thinks she’s seen the angel of death. But this demon is far more wicked — and the only person who can help her is Cayne, a mysterious young man who must confront his past.
After the apocalypse, the world is overrun by all kinds of terrifying creatures. From his home inside an old shopping mall, Ben Casper is torn between his destiny to lead and his love for Brian, his best friend’s brother.
This epic fantasy follows imperial law enforcer Amaranthe Lokdon, who finds herself in over her head when a slew of sinister plots threaten her world — and she is enlisted to hunt down the empire's most notorious assassin...
Sera must make an impossible choice when she discovers her family's connection to an ancient secret order. Can she choose between the boy she loves and the thing she wants the most? With over 100 five-star reviews on Amazon
Freshman Paivi Anderson thought her special powers were a secret… but when a power-hungry politician finds out, her world is turned upside down. Over 75 five star reviews on Goodreads
Long after Earth has become uninhabitable, humans live on Mars and mine the moon for valuable minerals. But when Mars’ greed and pride threaten the small moon colony of Lunara, can Seth, Chloe, and Parker save their home?
